SplunkPy: update doc (#40640)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/README.md

When fetching incidents from Splunk to Cortex XSOAR and when mirroring incidents between Splunk and Cortex XSOAR, the Splunk Owner Name (user) associated with an incident needs to be mapped to the relevant Cortex XSOAR Owner Name (user).  
You can use Splunk to define a user lookup table and then configure the SplunkPy integration instance to enable the user mapping. Alternatively, you can map the users with a script or a transformer.  

**Note:**

- When mapping users, the specified Cortex XSOAR user must be a valid user in the system.

> - The `Owner` field in a Cortex XSOAR incident can only be used for mirroring-out and cannot be changed according to Splunk values. Mirroring-in is available via the `Assigned User` incident field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Cortex XSOAR `Owner` incident field can only be used for mirroring changes out to Splunk, you cannot use it to update Cortex XSOAR incidents based on values from Splunk. To mirror changes in from Splunk, use the `Assigned User` incident field.
```
